basics/README.md, before:

# 0 - Current Working Directory

This script prints the absolute path name of the current working directory.

# 1 - List current directory

This script display the contents list of your current directory.

# 2 - Change directory to the user's home 

This script changes the working directory to the user’s home directory.

usage : source ./2-bring_me_home

# 3 - List with long format

This script display current directory contents in a long format.

# 4 - List long format with hidden files

This script display current directory contents, including hidden files (starting with .)

# 5 - List long format, hidden file, user and group

This script display current directory contents.

   - Long format
   - with user and group IDs displayed numerically
   - And hidden files (starting with .)

# 6 - Create a directrory in /tmp

This script creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory.

# 7 - Move file betty 

This script move file betty from /tmp to /tmp/my_first_directory

# 8 - Delete a file

This script delete a file betty

# 9 - Delete directory

This script delete the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory.

# 10 - Go to the previous directory

This script changes the working directory to the previous one.

# 11 - Lists all file in many directories

This script lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory (in this order), in long format.

# 12 - Print the type of a file

This script prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory when we will run your script.

# 13 - Creat a symbolic link

This script create a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__ in the current working directory.

Commit message:

ADD script file that copies html file in parent directory

basics/README.md, after:

# 0 - Current Working Directory

This script prints the absolute path name of the current working directory.

# 1 - List current directory

This script display the contents list of your current directory.

# 2 - Change directory to the user's home 

This script changes the working directory to the user’s home directory.

usage : source ./2-bring_me_home

# 3 - List with long format

This script display current directory contents in a long format.

# 4 - List long format with hidden files

This script display current directory contents, including hidden files (starting with .)

# 5 - List long format, hidden file, user and group

This script display current directory contents.

   - Long format
   - with user and group IDs displayed numerically
   - And hidden files (starting with .)

# 6 - Create a directrory in /tmp

This script creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory.

# 7 - Move file betty 

This script move file betty from /tmp to /tmp/my_first_directory

# 8 - Delete a file

This script delete a file betty

# 9 - Delete directory

This script delete the directory my_first_directory that is in the /tmp directory.

# 10 - Go to the previous directory

This script changes the working directory to the previous one.

# 11 - Lists all file in many directories

This script lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory (in this order), in long format.

# 12 - Print the type of a file

This script prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory when we will run your script.

# 13 - Create a symbolic link

This script create a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__ in the current working directory. 

# 14 - Copy files

This script copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory, but only copy files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory.
